# 1.1.0-beta.2

Release date: 18th June, 2014

<div class="aui-message info">
    <span class="aui-icon icon-info"></span>
    XML add-ons and OAuth authentication will be <em>removed</em> from the Atlassian Connect distribution with the release
    of Connect 1.1.0 final.
</div>

* Manage cookies through the javascript cookie api
* Manage browser history through the javascript history api
* Update dialogs to allow the chrome flag
* Dialog height is now always the height of the iframe
* Fixed bug that allowed content to appear in wrong iframe
* Big speed improvements on addon install, enable, disable, uninstall etc.
* Additional REST paths added to scopes and whitelists
* Add-on keys and add-on module keys have stricter restrictions

### Dialog chrome flag
Both web-items and dialogs opened from javascript can now be with or without the buttons and header (chrome).
This solves the difficult task of styling a dialog opened from javascript to look like other dialogs
and enables chrome-less dialogs to be opened from web-items.

#### Opening a dialog with chrome using javascript
For additional options such as header and button text, please refer to [the dialog options documentation](../javascript/DialogOptions.html)

```
AP.require(['dialog'], function(dialog){
    dialog.create({
        key: 'my-dialog-page', // the module key defined in your atlassian-connect.json descriptor file
        chrome: true        // a new config flag specifying that the header and buttons should be added
    });
})
```

#### Opening a dialog without chrome using a webitem
Adding the following to your atlassian-connect.json descriptor will create a webitem that opens a chromeless dialog.
Previously, all dialogs would open with the header and buttons displayed.

```
{
    "webItems": [
        {
          "key": "my-dialog-page",
            "url": "/dialog.html",
            "location": "system.top.navigation.bar",
            "context": "addon",
            "weight": 200,
            "target": {
                "type": "dialog",
                "options": {
                    "width": "200px",
                    "height": "200px",
                    "chrome": false
                }
            },
            "name": {
                "value": "Greetings"
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

### Updating your existing dialogs to the correct height
If you specify a height for a dialog with chrome (header and buttons), you will need to subtract 107px. Specifying a
height is now deemed as the height of the iframe, not the height of the dialog. The following dialogs will need to be
updated:

* Custom Confluence macro editors
* Web-items with a target of "dialog"


### Breaking Changes

* Custom macro editor titles: Before Connect 1.1, custom titles for the macro editor (specified using `editTitle` and
`insertTitle`) were rendered as "Insert 'insertTitle' macro" and "Edit 'editTitle' Macro". Now they are rendered exactly
as you specified them in the descriptor.

#### Add-on and module key restrictions

Add-on keys must now conform to the following restrictions:

* Max length of 80 characters
* Validate against the following regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9-._]+$`

Add-on module keys must now conform to the following restriction:

* Validate against the following regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9-]+$`

### Issues Resolved

<table class="aui issue-table">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th class='key'>Key</th>
            <th>Summary</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><span class="aui-icon aui-icon-small aui-icon-success">Fixed</span></td>
            <td><a href="https://ecosystem.atlassian.net/browse/AC-900">AC-900</a></td>
            <td>As an Add-on developer, I want to be able to set cookies for handing user preferences, without user having to allow for third-party cookies.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Testing

You can start JIRA or Confluence with Atlassian Connect as follows:

